correction on the kafka messages (#159)
build-trust/ockam-documentation: portals/kafka/apache-kafka/docker.md

* When the Kafka consumer node container starts in the Application Team's network, it runs [<mark style="color:blue;">its entrypoint</mark>](https://github.com/build-trust/ockam/blob/develop/examples/command/portals/kafka/apache/docker/application\_team/run\_ockam.sh), creating the Ockam node described by `ockam.yaml`, [<mark style="color:blue;">embedded in the script</mark>](https://github.com/build-trust/ockam/blob/develop/examples/command/portals/kafka/apache/docker/application\_team/run\_ockam.sh#L7-L15). The node will automatically create an identity, enroll with your project, and set up the Kafka inlet.
* Next, the entrypoint at the end executes the [<mark style="color:blue;">command present in the docker-compose configuration</mark>](https://github.com/build-trust/ockam/blob/develop/examples/command/portals/kafka/apache/docker/application\_team/docker-compose.yml#L16-L38), which launches a Kafka consumer waiting for messages in the <mark style="background-color:yellow;">demo</mark> topic. Once the messages are received, they are printed out.

> * In the producer container, the process is analogous. Once the Ockam node is setup, the [<mark style="color:blue;">command within docker-compose configuration</mark>](https://github.com/build-trust/ockam/blob/develop/examples/command/portals/kafka/apache/docker/application\_team/docker-compose.yml#L51-L62) launches a Kafka producer, sending messages spaced 5 seconds apart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the producer container, the process is analogous. Once the Ockam node is setup, the [<mark style="color:blue;">command within docker-compose configuration</mark>](https://github.com/build-trust/ockam/blob/develop/examples/command/portals/kafka/apache/docker/application\_team/docker-compose.yml#L51-L62) launches a Kafka producer, sending messages every 5 seconds.
```
